# FLMMDAGame
The idea of Quim is to display that even though we all come from the same place, there are those who disregards that and treat each other solely based on their color or gender. Quim incorporates different representations of what we see in our society such as people of color and gender. In the game, the ideas of race is generally seen as there are outcasts throughout the map. By doing so, it provides a meaningful experience on how some people are treated in our community.
	In expressing the nature of the virtual representation, in Quim, instead of taking on human figures, the game uses boxes and spheres to represent the representations within our society. The inspiration for using shapes as a representation is from the game Lim, which provides very abstract details of being an outcast within our society. Even in Lim, with just squares, the representation of a queer person is placed on a changing color square. By doing so, Lim provides that uniqueness, the queerness to the character. Looking at Lim, many of the concepts were placed into Quim such as the use of shapes, having different representations, and being attacked for being different. Whenever the player gets attacked they get pushed around making them unable to move as the player, losing one of the few abilities they have for a moment. When meeting a bunch of boxes that attack, it is possible for them to knock the player back and forth, unable to move as they get attacked from all sides until the player dies. Once the player dies, the game restarts back to the beginning where the player has to do everything all over again.
When talking to NPC characters, the NPCs provide a story of the game that also critiques the struggles of people of color and how their representation affects them. There are some characters that talks about their struggles similarly to what queer video game creators get from people who refuse to call their games as games. By keeping the game mechanics as simple as a point and click RPG, where the player can only interact with people and collect flowers, it minimizes the gameplay but emphasises on the interactions. In the article by Brendan Keogh called “Just Making things and Being Alive About it: The Queer Game Scene”, it mentions video games such as Lim and Mainichi who Brendan says is able to communicate to a player on how socially marginalized people become scared of our society. Essentially, Quim ties into these issues through the NPCs that are “different” who are displayed as outcasts forced to be on the corners of the map. In the article, it mentions how traditional video games let the player beat the systems of the game. In such case, Brendan also says, ”..., systems are also particularly powerful in communicating how real-world systems function.”(Keogh). In the case of Quim, there is no ending or system for the player to beat. In many ways, Quim is an open world interactive narrative video game that discusses the topic of representation of race and gender within our society.
